Add documentation for freezer to knative docs (#4614)
knative/docs: docs/serving/configuration/deployment.md

  # List of repositories for which tag to digest resolving should be skipped
  registries-skipping-tag-resolving: registry.example.com
```

## Enable container-freezer service

> You can configure queue-proxy to call an endpoint when its traffic drops to zero or scales up from zero by modifying the `concurrency-state-endpoint` ConfigMap setting. With this configuration, you can achieve some features like freezing a running process in a user-container or billing based on the time it takes to process the request.

Reviewer: On a second read-through, I think it might be clearer to readers to start off with what the freezer does and then get into how it does it. Something along the lines of this (though feel free to tweak as needed, it probably can be better than what I came up with):

```suggestion
You can configure queue-proxy to pause pods when not in use by enabling the `container-freezer` service. It calls a stand-alone service (via a user-specified endpoint) when a pod's traffic drops to zero or scales up from zero. To enable it, set `concurrency-state-endpoint` to a non-empty value. With this configuration, you can achieve some features like freezing a running process in a user-container or billing based on the time it takes to process the request.
```

> Before you configure this, you need to implement the endpoint API. The official implementation is [container-freezer](https://github.com/knative-sandbox/container-freezer).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Before you configure this, you need to implement the endpoint API by following the installation instructions in the [container-freezer README](https://github.com/knative-sandbox/container-freezer).
```

Reviewer: Technically, and this is very much a nit, users do have the option of implementing their own service (as long as it could handle the endpoint calls) and use that instead of the container-freezer. So the freezer isn't strictly necessary, although it's probably what we want to recommend. Not sure exactly the best way to phrase that for the docs though.

Reviewer 2: That wording sounds fine to me, but I would keep the first sentence the same as it was before because we prefer the to use active voice so it is clear who is implementing the endpoint API. Also tweak the location of the link:

```suggestion
Before you configure this, you need to implement the endpoint API. The official implementation is container-freezer. You can install it by following the installation instructions in the [container-freezer README](https://github.com/knative-sandbox/container-freezer).
```

  # List of repositories for which tag to digest resolving should be skipped
  registries-skipping-tag-resolving: registry.example.com
```

> ## Enable Freezer Service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Enable Container-Freezer Service
```

Reviewer 2: I think this can be lower case: 

```suggestion
## Enable container-freezer service
```

Author: fixed

> You can configure queue-proxy to call a endpoint when it's traffic drops to zero or scales up from zero by modifying `concurrency-state-endpoint` ConfigMap setting. With this configuration, you can achieve some features like freezing runing process in user-contianer or charing calculation based on time of handling requests。

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can configure queue-proxy to call an endpoint when its traffic drops to zero or scales up from zero by modifying the `concurrency-state-endpoint` ConfigMap setting. With this configuration, you can achieve some features like freezing a running process in a user-container or charing calculation based on time of handling requests.
```

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure what is meant by: 
> charing calculation based on time of handling requests.

Could you clarify this please?

Author: fixed, I change it to `billing based on the time it takes to process the request`

> Before you configure this, your need to implement this endpoint API. The official implementation is [container-freezer](https://github.com/knative-sandbox/container-freezer).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Before you configure this, you need to implement the endpoint API. The official implementation is [container-freezer](https://github.com/knative-sandbox/container-freezer).
```

Reviewer 2: Does this mean you need to follow the instructions to install the container-freezer daemon in [README](https://github.com/knative-sandbox/container-freezer) for the container-freezer repo?

Author: yes, if developer want to use official implementation.

Author: fixed

> The following example show how to enable Freezer Service, $HOST_IP is node's IP:

Reviewer: We actually want users to use `$HOST_IP` (and not a specific host's IP) here -- the freezer will swap in the appropriate value for each node at runtime

Author: fixde

> The following example show how to enable Freezer Service, when using `$HOST_IP`, the freezer service will swap in the appropriate value for each node at runtime:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following example shows how to enable the container-freezer service. When using `$HOST_IP`, the container-freezer service inserts the appropriate value for each node at runtime:
```

Author: fixed

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: config-deployment
  namespace: knative-serving
  labels:
    serving.knative.dev/release: devel
  annotations:
    knative.dev/example-checksum: "fa67b403"

> data:
>   # concurrency-state-endpoint is the endpoint that queue-proxy calls when its traffic drops to zero or
>   # scales up from zero.
>   concurrency-state-endpoint: "http://$HOST_IP:9696"
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
data:
  concurrency-state-endpoint: "http://$HOST_IP:9696"
```
```

Author: fixed
